Toolbar: Add a Getting Started tutorial (#3795)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Toolbar/00 Getting Started with Toolbar/15 Customize Items.md

> To customize the content of every item, use an [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/#itemTemplate). To customize an individual item, specify the [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#template) property of the item.

Reviewer: The word "every" makes me think that I still have to pay attention to them one by one. 

```suggestion
To apply the same customization to all items, use an [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/#itemTemplate). To customize an individual item, specify the [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#template) property of the item.
```
